In the last lectures we get our shopping list service and we make sure that we can now add items to
the shopping list.
That's great but we don't see them here.
So let's now start working on our shopping list template again.
And on our shopping list page in general so that we're able to output the items stored in the shopping
service in the template.
I want to add a section below does for him here where we can output a list of those items of the items
in a shopping list.
Challenge for you create that list here in the template should be a very simple list in the end where
we kind of have the item name and item amount.
Choose whichever styling you want and once you're done with dead you might even try getting those items
in your shopping list component and making sure that you're actually loading the data there.
Let's do this together starting in a few seconds.
So were you successful.
Let's start by setting up the template here.
I will add an item list below my form here and there.
I want to have a couple of iron items.
And just an item as I just said will be repeated because we need more than one one for each list item.
Each ingredient in the end.
So here we will use energy for to loop through all our ingredients so we can say let ingredient or just
item because it's a bit shorter.
Let ingredient off and then simply say a list items.
We don't have that list items property yet.
I will treat it in a second.
Inside of the eye Item I will use a free heading of course you may choose a different one.
Whatever style you want you can also create a more complex list item here if you're feeling like it
and then it will output the item name.
I will know that we will have a m name on that item since we're using the ingredient class.
We created a few lectures ago and I also want to output the amount right so let's use string interpellation
there too and output the amount of that item.
So with that the missing piece of chords is this list item here.
So let's add it to this property to the component itself like this.
The question is how do we fall that we have a life.
Well of course we know that it will be of Taieb ingredient array.
So make sure to import Ingredion from the models folder and then will assign the type here.
The question still is how do we load those items.
Well there are different ways of loading this of course and one way is to do it in the Island View will
enter Meffert.
So I will add this method.
Your you will enter a not using did load because I want to make sure that I always load this list when
this page is presented and don't accidentally not load it because it was cached because think about
adding items from the recipes page and then we go back to this page and it somehow was cached and then
WIPs we don't see our newly added items.
So I will use this method and here I will simply reach out to my list items and assign them to Duvalier's
I get from the service calling the get items method which will give me a copy of that area stored in
the service.
So this will now assign the list items whenever this page is loaded.
Now what this also means is that when we add a new item we won't see it being added to our page right
because we're all we are on the page.
We're not reloading it but also.
But we're only getting a list of items when we did load the page when we are about to enter it.
So changing something once we're on the page won't be reflected on the page.
Which of course is not an optimal result.
Now to change this there are a couple of solutions you could think about.
You could manually push this item to the list here since you only have a copy of the item list in the
array anyways.
But I like the other approach to following approach more.
I will treat a new private method here.
Load items to a helper method kind of and here I will do what I just did here and I and you will enter
I'll copy the code in there.
That of course means that you will enter I will simply call this load items and I'll do the same here
in on an item.
I added a new item to the list in the service.
So it's now time to call load items to get the latest version of that list.
And with this if we save this let's see if it works as expected when we go back to our application.
And if we start adding items like bread looks good to me.
Let's also add some milk and let's now navigate away and go back.
Looks pretty good to me.
Items are still there.
Let me add another one.
Works like a charm.
So showing those items works nice on the list here.
Now what would now be nice is to have the functionality to delete items from the list when we collect
them so that we check them kind of so that they are removed.
You may start implementing this on your own.
We'll do it together in the next lecture.